replace RDM by training SPLASH (#107)
elixir-europe-training/ELIXIR-Training-SPLASH: pages/contribute/style_guide.md

  * **White space:** make sure there is plenty of space so that the main elements stand out and the text does not appear overwhelming.
  * **Colours:** <br/>
    * The headings, links and text will automatically appear in the right colour if you use the site page templates.

>     * Use only the following colours in the design, text and illustrations of the site. The Training life cycle diagram colours are only for use in the pages related to the diagram.

Reviewer: I think we agreed on the spelling of `lifecycle` as one word.
```suggestion
    * Use only the following colours in the design, text and illustrations of the site. The Training lifecycle diagram colours are only for use in the pages related to the diagram.
```
